%title SuggestionBox | TimeIn | Projects

= Contents =
    - [[#Scheduled Events Displays/Calendars|Scheduled Events Displays/Calendars]]
    - [[#ScheduledEventDisplayItem|ScheduledEventDisplayItem]]
    - [[#Prevent Duplicates|Prevent Duplicates]]
    - [[#Partial Postback|Partial Postback]]
    - [[#Full Keyboard Control|Full Keyboard Control]]
    - [[#Container Deployment|Container Deployment]]
    - [[#Continuous Integration|Continuous Integration]]
    - [[#Logging system|Logging system]]
    - [[#Completion Details|Completion Details]]
    - [[#Schedule Nonscheduled Events|Schedule Nonscheduled Events]]
    - [[#User Profiles|User Profiles]]
    - [[#Only request patch when model has changes|Only request patch when model has changes]]
    - [[#User can create multiple lists|User can create multiple lists]]
    - [[#Completed Tasks|Completed Tasks]]
        - [[#Completed Tasks#Branched Development|Branched Development]]
        - [[#Completed Tasks#Create scheduled events|Create scheduled events]]
        - [[#Completed Tasks#Mark as complete|Mark as complete]]
        - [[#Completed Tasks#Data Persistence|Data Persistence]]
        - [[#Completed Tasks#Initialize|Initialize]]


= Scheduled Events Displays/Calendars =
We want our scheduled events to be viewable in multiple convenient ways:
* Monthly Calendar
* Weekly Schedule
* Day PLanner
- Created Task 0008
    - Created Task 0009
    - Created Task 0010
    - Created Task 0011
    - Created Task 0012
        - Created Task 0013
        - Created Task 0014
        - Created Task 0015
- Completed Task 0012, including all subtasks (0013, 0014, 0015)
= ScheduledEventDisplayItem =
Though ListComponent will soon not be used except for testing and a fall-back,
it might be a good idea to make a control dedicated to the display of a single
item in the list. This can be carried through to the other display types as
well; each item shown in the MonthlyCalendar, for example, will need a specific
layout, set of properties to display, in a specific format. This can be
encapsulated, and it probably should be.
= Prevent Duplicates =
Add validation that prevents:
* adding reminders that have same name as existing incomplete reminders
* adding scheduled events that have same `when`, duration, and name as existing
= Partial Postback =
When making a change to reminders, the full page seems to postback. It would be
nice if this could be streamlined a bit, performing a partial postback to make
a smoother UI experience.
= Full Keyboard Control =
Add keyboard shortcuts and maintain ways to perform any action with the keyboard
= Container Deployment =
Create containerized deployment of application.
= Continuous Integration =
Set up continuous integration for application.
= Logging system =
Create logging system that logs messages at various levels of verbosity. Should
also support logging to database, as well as to the console.
= Completion Details =
When completing a reminder, it should be possible to note whether the item
was completed, disregarded, or whatever likely might have been the outcome.
= Schedule Nonscheduled Events =
As someone who has a lot to do but doesn't always know when I'll have time, I
would like to be able to record my todo list items and later schedule them when
I decide when I will have time for them.
= User Profiles =
Currently the application works for a single user. Add a login screen and store
and access data on a per-user basis.
= Only request patch when model has changes =
Currently, clicking "ok" when editing scheduled event details will always send
a PATCH request. We don't want to do this unless we actually have changes to
apply.
= User can create multiple lists =
In addition to "Reminders", which is a main list, add the ability to create
"Lists", each working similarly to the reminders, so the user can create
separate custom lists of associated reminders.

= Completed Tasks =
== Branched Development ==
Keep master branch clean, but create dev branch for committing incomplete tasks.
Dev branch merges into master when task is complete.
- Created Task 0007
- Completed
== Create scheduled events ==
In addition to simple reminders, I would like to be able to add items with
specific date/times associated with them.
- Created Task 0004
- Created Task 0005
- Created Task 0006
== Mark as complete ==
Any reminder that has been created should have the ability to be marked as
complete.
- Created Task 0001
- Created Task 0002
- Completed
== Data Persistence ==
As a typical user, I just want to be able to close the application and still
see my schedule the next time I open it, without having to re-enter everything.
- Created Task 0000
- Completed
== Initialize ==
As a typical person with responsibilities, it would be nice if I could record
an upcoming obligation, task, or reminder. At any time I should be able to
review all of the reminders I have created.
- Created Task 0000
- Completed

